# FurFinder
 PetFinder Inspired Clone -- Portfolio Piece
 
 ## Table of Contents
 1. [About](#about)
 2. [Technology](#technology)
 3. [Features](#features)
 4. [Installation Instructions](#install)
 5. [Running the Site](#running)
 6. [Resources](#resources)
 
 ## About <a name="about"></a>
 Portfolio Piece showcasing the use of Laravel and VueJS for a fullstack website. This site is 
 inspired by [PetFinder.com](https://www.petfinder.com).
 
 ## Technology  <a name="technology"></a>
 * PHP _v7.1_
 * Laravel _v5.8_
 * VueJS _v2.6_
 * Vuetify _v1.5_
 * MySQL
 * RESTful API via [Dog API](https://dog.ceo/dog-api/)
 
 ## Site Features <a name="features"></a>
 * Browse and search dogs.
 * User System
   * Admin User
   * Organization User
 * Add dogs to organizations.
 * Share dogs you like on Twitter.
 
 ## Installation Instructions <a name="install"></a>
 
 ### Before you begin
 Before you begin installing, you must have the following installed on your machine:
 * PHP >= 7.1
 * MySQL
   * You may you any database system supported by Laravel with tweaks to the environment configuration.
 * NodeJS Package Manager (NPM)
 
 ### Installation Steps
  
 1. Clone a copy of the repository into a local folder. 
 2. run `composer install` to install PHP dependencies
 3. run `npm install` to install JavaScript dependencies
 4. run `php artisan migrate` to run database migrations and install appropriate tables
 5. run `php artisan db:seed` to seed the database with initial data for viewing
 
 ## Running the site <a name="running"></a>
 
 To run the website, any HTTP server that can parse PHP files will work. Or you can run the command:
 `php artisan server` from the command line in the root folder. 
 
 
 ### Logging in to users
 There are 3 user accounts created when running `php artisan db:seed`. These can be logged into by using:
 
 * Admin Account:
    * _Username:_ admin
    * _Password:_ admin    
    
 * Organizaion Accounts:
    * _Username:_ (auto generated by Faker, see database)
    * _Password:_ password

## Resources <a name="resources"></a>
* Images of faces provided by: [UI Faces](https://uifaces.co/) _specifically from the Donated section_
* [Lorem Ipsem Generator Package](https://github.com/joshtronic/php-loremipsum)